Control Pandora from your wrist. PandoraRemote lets you manage playback, rate songs, and adjust volume directly from your Pebble watch.

FEATURES

- Skip tracks, play/pause with a single button press
- Thumbs up or thumbs down the current song
- Adjust phone volume from your watch
- See the current song, artist, and station on your watch
- Auto-launches when Pandora starts playing
- Works on all Pebble hardware except the OG (Time, Time Steel, Time Round, Pebble 2, Time 2, Core 2 Duo, Core Time)

HOW IT WORKS

PandoraRemote has three screens you cycle through with the select button:

Playback: Skip to the next track or play/pause.
Rating: Thumbs up or thumbs down the current song.
Volume: Turn the volume up or down on your phone.

WARNING:
This is a personal passion project, and frankly, if I don't see a need for a feature, I probably won't add it. If you have a feature request, please submit an issue.  I would strongly encourage you to download Claude Code (or similar) and submit a PR with your proposed changes.  I will review and merge if it looks good.  I am not too interested in adding features that I don't personally find useful, but if you want to add them yourself, I am happy to review and merge.  As you can see from the License, I never intend for this to be a commercial project, so no one can "steal" your work.

This project is open source and licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0. See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/ for details.

SETUP

1. Install the PandoraRemote companion app on your Android phone. Until the app is available on the Google Play Store, download the APK from:
   https://github.com/gravity-rose/PandoraRemote/releases/download/v1.4.0/PandoraRemote-1.4.0.apk
2. After sideloading, you must grant the app restricted permissions and notification access. The app will walk you through this on first launch.
3. Start Pandora — the watch app launches automatically.

DISCLAIMER

Pandora is a registered trademark of Pandora Media, LLC. PandoraRemote is an independent project and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Pandora Media, LLC.
